Supriyai: INTROGreetings everybody, 
We are from REMO, …..
I am …… So let’s begin then….

Mansi: REMO = IFH
 wondering what the equation means ?
 Let me explain then
Work from home is the new normal, how does an interview from home sound?
 REMO is interview from home.

Mansi: Features
So let’s get ready for an online interview. 
A face-to-a-name enables better interaction. So there is a need for a video calling application. 
Expressing ideas by thinking out aloud is an important part of an interview, then what’s better than a whiteboard for that.
Showcasing projects highlights one’s level of expertise. So don’t forget to document your work
Not all things can be said orally so a chat application is a need.
Most importantly, a platform to test technical skills in real-time 
A Video calling interface
A whiteboard
Access to github profile
Chat
And a virtual environment


These features put together is REMO

Supriya: Tech Stack

Supriya: Challenges
We had to make a real time whiteboard, where we had to transfer data between two people connected in a room. We initially did not understand how to achieve this. We then across node js and while we are exploring node js, we then learnt about sockets, and how they can be used for real time transfer of data.
We have followed a modular approach to build our application, so initially we made the components individually and then integrate all of them.When we were integrating with github we have made a few mistakes, as a result of which the video was not working .As newbies to Git, going back was as scary as going back in time. But with the help of github docs we learnt about git reset and it saved our day.
Another problem was passing the room id across the pre-interview and interview rooms, we have achieved that using local storage with the help of which we were able to store the room id in the browser for that particular session, that is the interview. Another thing we used to overcome this we have also used query strings.

Namya: Challenges

Namya: Statistics
Supriya : Let’s have a look at the statistics of our work.
438 commits, with over 3500 lines of code and apart from these it took 4-5hrs of dedicated work every single day for the past two months, and tons of enthusiasm and determination to build REMO.

Namya: Learning

Supriya: Future

Questions

Why did u build this/motivation?
Scene after COVID?
How is it better than the existing ones?
How have u got access to the lab?
Why is there no login ?
What are sockets???



